# Katana development guide
Katana serves as the presentation layer for sba.gov. It is a Reactjs/Node.js application.  In production, Katana pulls proxies data from a number of sources,
including AWS S3 (generated by Daisho), the Size Standards API, and more. However, you do not need Daisho running in development for Katana to run, instead pulling staticly from those data sources.

## Environment Setup
1. Install [NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm)
      * NVM is our node version manager of choice. Please follow the steps detailed on their repo.
2. Download and use the Node version specified in the [.nvmrc](https://github.com/USSBA/sba-gov-katana/blob/master/.nvmrc#L1)
   * Normally you would provide a version number to these commands, but in this project, the appropriate version is supplied to them by the .nvmrc
    ```sh
    nvm install && nvm use
    ```
   
3. Install ESLint: `npm install -g eslint`
4. [OPTIONAL] Setup a git precommit client hook `cp scripts/check-commit-message.sh .git/hooks/commit-msg && chmod 700 .git/hooks/commit-msg`
5. Setup AWS credentials in ~/.aws according to http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html

## Production Build Process
1. `npm install`
1. `npm test` to execute the tests
1. `npm run build` to run the babel and webpack builds
1. `docker build -t katana .` to build it as a docker image named Katana

## Development Process (without local database)
1. `npm install` to install the dependencies
1. Create a [local-development.yaml](#local-development-yaml) file based upon the sample provided.
      * Place it in `config/`
      * Replace any placeholders with the correct values
      * This sets configuration properties for the application ( database connections / daisho connections / feature flagging ) and is different for each environment. Your [local-development.yaml](#local-development-yaml) will override any properties you need to override (probably the database properties).
1. Set `devMode` in your local-development.yaml to `true`
1. `npm start` to run the server/hot-reloader

## Local Database Process without Docker
1. Download mysql seed data
    - execute `./scripts/db/sql/download-sql.sh`
1. `./scripts/db/run-db.sh` to execute a local mysql

## Development Process with Database and Docker
1. Prereqs
    - Access to Daisho-as-a-Service
    - Install [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
    - AWS credentials configured
1. `cd scripts/db/ && ./download-katana-sql.sh`
1. `npm run build` to package up the data
1. `docker-compose up`
1. Browse to localhost:3000
1. Kill with ctrl-c
1. `docker-compose down` to remove containers
1. `npm run build && docker-compose build katana` to rebuild local image

# local development yaml
```yaml
developmentOptions:
    devMode: true
    client:
        logging: false
    webpack:
        silent: false
googleAnalytics:
    enabled: false
    debug: true
database:
    nonDrupal:
        host: database.hostname
        password: myPassword
        user: myUserName
    drupal:
        host: database.hostname
        password: myPassword
        user: myUserName
server:
    port: 3000
features:
    forPartners: true
    searchUrl: "/search?q="
cache:
  s3BucketName: some-bucket-name
  useS3: true
```
